news "apoxys crafting hint"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent" "Hai" "Quarg" "Remnant" "Wanderer"
			not attributes "uninhabited"
	name
		word
			"Mysterious Poem"
	message
		word
			"From Keystone and Drive that permits one to Jump, craft them together, allows one to lump." # Key Drive
			"The Drive is the key, but without fuel it takes no lock. Process fuel, it must, lest it be just a mock." # Reserve Drive
			"With hunger satiated, and key in hand, for the final drive, a Reserve and Scram must band." # Skip Drive
			"Stacks of fire and bands of cold, in a dance that time called old: Three triads and their partners, locked together forever." # Shunted Tri-Triple Plasma Core
			"Two large vats of bioelectric, left to their own devices for an epoch." # Action Potential Cell
			"On the cusp of greatness, a core is. A large beast, under dark stormy sky, with enhancer and repair always on standby." # Systems Core (Overloaded)
			"To cut the stars, a beam must be of their ilk. Return the sun its husk, and all enemies will feel like silk." # Starcutter
			"Protons locked in deadly marriage, surrounded by annihilators on both sides. Yet, all together they eventually come, to bring forth a cataclysm." # Proton Undulator
			"Ten thrashing beasts of a rapportive fury, bound by five chain links, led by that which seeks the truth." # Rampager Battery
			"To detain, to disrupt, to ionize and scramble. Together one must bring that of the lizard and squirrel; two in endless battle, one left to survey." # Multi-Disruptor
			"The trick to interdict is not known by all; those hidden away and those mid-fall. Clinging strikes inhibit escape." # Interdiction Turret
			"A beast of two thoraces, one can make, but further modifications, such power takes. Enhance each arm, bound to the largest base, to make a weapon none can face." # Centipede Devastator
			"Not of this world, the mechanism must be. Allow locust and pulse to jump, I plead of thee." # Weft Barrage
			"The ravages of space are a dangerous place; yet a beam exists to save one's face. Four turrets, two of ward, the other of bulk, must come together to make such a hulk." # Sanctuary Beam